[EXAMPLE] Add example to add overlays on Shapes on BPMN Diagram (#157)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples: examples/overlays/add-remove/README.md

# Add and remove overlays on BPMN elements

Javascript example to demonstrate how to add and remove overlays on BPMN elements.
- [__⏩ live environment__](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/master/examples/overlays/add-remove/index.html)
- to run locally, open the [index.html](index.html) directly in a Web Browser

## ♻️ Usage

> After the main `BpmnVisualization` instantiation, get the HTML element corresponding to the BPMN element to add or remove overlays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First create a `bpmnVisualization` instance prior being able to add or remove overlays to BPMN elements.
```
